ENH: Use MPI variants (#1)
HaoZeke/mts-forge: readme.org

* mts-forge
This is a forge for metatensor compatible software stacks.
** Usage
Installation of the packages in this forge is via:
#+begin_src bash
micromamba install -c "https://prefix.dev/mts-forge" plumed
#+end_src
*** Builds

> Each package is built with ~rattler-build~ using a ~nushell~ script for cross
> platform compatibility. For convinience, these can be handled via ~pixi~ tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each package is built with ~rattler-build~. For convenience, these can be handled via ~pixi~ tasks.
```
